###NOTES###
Love, LOVE #1! The others are great too, but the cool thing about #1 is that it’s service based so you don’t have a lot of the complications that come around inventory, etc.

Great idea. Great business. I really think you should do it!
Next steps are to figure out exactly what each page is and the content that it contains. Excited to see this!


FEWD_DT_28 Final Project Ideas | Nicole Bai

Idea #1
Title: Destination Wedding Planning Agency
One Sentence Description: Help Chinese speaking customers to plan destination wedding in United States.
Details: Wedding culture is very different in China and in the states. More and more Chinese young couples are looking for destination wedding now. Not all of them can speak perfect English. Luckily, in SoCal, we have a lot of wedding planners who are bilingual and have abundent experience in the industry that can ensure high quality service to customers overseas. 
This website provides one-stop full package wedding planning service and travel planning, so that couples and their family & friends can enjoy a great vacation as well. 
Website look & feel: warm, love. Big hero banners of wedding photos. 
Features: Wedding planners, photographers, Florists, cool wedding venues, popular travel routes.
Stage 1: Only focusing on SoCal wedding. Partner with wedding planners and travel agencies to combine great services. A la carte services is also available. 
How it works: Users choose their desired destination & services--> Match with local wedding planners-->Account manager follows up with users to get detailed information and help to communicate with planners-->Once users confirm their partner planner, account manager will step back and only help when needed-->After service is delivered, users can rate the planner and write blog on the website.
Website is free to use. User only pays for wedding expenses. 
Stage 2: Wedding planning tools will be provided by the website, premium planning tools will be charged.

Idea #2
Title: Wedding supplies e-commerce website
One Sentence Description: Help people in the U.S. to purchase creative wedding supplies at lower price (cross-boarder e-commerce)
Details: Wedding planning can be exhausted both mentally and financially.. Our mission is to save the couple from struggling. Made-in-China wedding supplies are much more creative and affordable. We will help to concure the language barrier by listing popular wedding products in Chinese most popular e-commerce website--TaoBao.com in English, and help the couple to communicate with design and other detial requirements. 
If you think that supplies can't really save much, maybe you should also try our customized-wedding gawn service. Most Chinese brides only spend under $800 on wedding gawn, and they can still enjoy Vera Wang style. On the website, there will be a tailor your gawn service, brides or grooms can fill out the information, account managers will help to communicate with Chinese tailors. 

Idea #3
Title: Travel planning website
One Sentence Description: Simply drag and drop your favorite destinations/ things-to-do to your time-slot, a perfect travel schedule is at your hand.
Details: This website solves only one problem: how to make travel planning easy and practical. 
Easy--drag and drop destination/things-to-do to your time-slot table, a precise schedule is created only for you. 
Practical--all the input are from local users, you will know exactly how much time you need to spend on each event.
Stage 1: Drag & Drop-->save and share your schedule. 
Stage 2: Users can also contribute to the event pool by inputing their travel expeirence (users can edit existing events and/or create a new event, chef editor of the website will verify the information and publish it to the pool so the other users can choose it in the drag&drop pool).
Stage 3: Users can register and became a local travel guide, the website will transform into a "find-my-local-friend" platform :)


------------Comments----------------
Out of all three ideas, I have most passion about idea #3. However, I also understand it's the most tough task to complete. Please feel free to let me know your suggestions. I would love to hear new thoughts about all the three ideas! Thank you!